New handler conception:
1. New events conception for scheduler
2. New events conception for rules
3. Start event for keypres and dblclick
4. test task manager on key press event
5. New handler interface section hint
6. go through all doc and search in every js php keypress ins del f2 f12 dblclick after
7. make db make setki make mrtg

Errors:
1. style padding: 15px; null
2. gallery vyvodit bolshuyu kartinku
3. expanded list in OD edit structure is binded to lower textarea

Megacom implementation:
1. new element mac to setki view
2. new view nedodelki
3. new element 'viewid' to make chats between two users
4. add 10.5.. fake ip to setki vew
5. point to point tree
6. OD setki new view: search by one ip, history
7. correct all mrtg host files to make correct megacom tree via links in mrtg.php (mpls links are apparent)
8. switch models piechart

Megacom MRTG OD:
1. Elements
	1-100 ports
	101 hostname
	102 hardware
	103 location
	104 ip
	105 mac
	106 Model name
	107 Up/down (alive statistic)
	108 User to check the object
2. On every element
	History - Alt+F12
	Tree up - Shift+F12
	Tree down - Ctrl+F12
	Alt+Shift+F12 - Map tree up from current object
	Alt+Ctrl+F12 - Map tree down from current object
	F12 port diagnostic (client) - grafic in realtime, and grafics and F12 non port diagnosti (switch)
	INS - for ports (general: hint, snmpindex, link, style; description: type [free, client, service, link], zayavka-ip-speed-licevoi-name-address),
	    for hardware (hint, style, type, subtype),
	    location (tehuchet info contacts, names, loaction..)
	DBLCLICK with ctrl alt del (upload, download, unload) only for location with ctrl+alt+dblclick for GALLERY
	DBLCLICK, F2, KEYPRESS - edit for L2 only
	DEL - delete content via confirmation
3. Scheduler
	one time in 5 minutes for ports - link (set backgr color in case of no link), mrtg
	one time in 1 minute for every host up and down with action specified 

New app features for Megacom:
1. Automatic change view notification (analyze new object version match for every view of database and view element match element changed
2. Any single line stores in OD without changes, any single line with Enter and then Backspace should be stored the way it is in the 1st case - but it is stored 1st case + '\n'
3. To allow html table in cells add tr, td, tbody and table tags to allowed tags?
4. Links instead of real jpegs
5. Object view MAP.
6. TREE:
    Tree element layout: style (for example to see what nodes are down by seeing them via red background)
    Tree wire name (arrow name) to mark fiber cooper radio..
    element link hint to show full element value
    regexp search
    context menu expand/hide uplink and downlink subtree
7. Execute scheduler apparently for every OD/OV and optionally exec handlers simultaneously
8. Handler cmd line replacements - <oid> (plus point that oid can be retreived also <{"element":"id"}>) <date> <OD>, <OV>, <ODid>, <OVid> <attahced files path> parse in a handler command line
9. Optimize x,y expressions: if x=n+1, then don't call eval, but plus 1 to n (in case of one of default layout, which x,y expressions are known)
10. Change favicon -> tabels
11. How could object selection calc objects with only one free port? Or expired orders/requests like in Helpdesk (versions date difference is more than three days?)
12. Table build and <tr> adding via timeout, so any quick view refresh sholdn't reload (shtoby stranica ne morgala) the page
13. nohup server and scheduler execution

Some systems emulation:
1. Corp chat
2. Corp adrbook
3. Any request app (Helpdesk, Jira)
4. MRTG
5. Zabbix (See how zabbix is install to have point of view of that kind of applications)
6. CRM
7. ACS
8. Any accounting system (may be billing)
9. Some excel functions
10. Voting
11. Any statistic/analitycs
------------edit later
21. Setki.xls
  tech uchet
  wiki
  Operations:
    Switch ip, switch description, switch location,
    60 ports (description), for every port: type (uplink,downlink,free,service,client),
    diagnostic (pings, grafiki, port config, port errors, asr speed, mac, mac-vendor, checkhost, name from billing) and convert all this info to pdf in a new tab, if port type is 'client', then display client name from billing
    In INFO scheme find mac on every switch in OV
    In setki - ip, name from TABELS, name from BILLING, mac (for buhgalters and FSB)
    Button to destruct client conf,int et 1/0/2,shut, no fl c, no band c,  sw mode acc,  sw acc vl 666,  speed aut, end,wr
    see client mac, cable length, errors and all other data the switch allows to monitor
    ping <switch ip>, on port ping <client ip>
  Paraga mail functional
  Ask Hramcova analitiku po helpdesku
  See functions on Slava's management system
----------- edit later

Stages:
1. First stage: oper+slavina, setki, tech uchet, HD, adrbook
2. Second stage: zabbix, CRM, corp chat, wiki


-----------------------------------------------------------------
- Application:
  regexp search - range js instead of span highlighting
  Paste file or image to object element (or drag and drop to the corresponded cell)
  Release 'view in a new tab' via call cmd, for example to show user object versions apparently main view in a new tab      https://question-it.com/questions/1384714/otkryt-novuju-vkladku-okno-i-napisat-v-nee-chto-nibud
  Downloading big files don't show progress bar downloading process, so how to show it?
  Fetch progress for uploading files https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest/upload
  Application version in System description, tel number for additional help tab 'Contacts' and mail functional - please contact us support@tabels.app
  Export OV data to xls/txt file
  autocomplete feature after handler edit command. Autocomplete data may be retrieved from other OD, for example, client list or street list.
  what about edit after edit command, for a example wrong text to confirm and edit command called once again?
  GALLERY shows all foto for default, otherwise - specified foto
    Show image properties (like resolution) in GALLERY mode
  not only regexp search but search on mask with only one asterisk as a special char
  macroses like in joe
  virt cell depends on oid,eid
  Context menu Graph
  System call 'NEWOBJECT' (to create object by user handlers)
  Crontab element execution once immediately
  Task manager: restrict call (and call with no task delete option) of task manager for some users in user props
  At the end of app stable version make new customization
  Any cell has attached files. Cell text is displayed for default, but if image prop is set - display image, if audio prop is set display player like in whatsup, if stream prop is set - display stream fro camera (like forpost)
    in cell: text, image (in case of 'image' prop set - image is displayed on the table insted of text value prop;), stream, table?

- JS, PHP, SQL, Highload:
  Optimize mysql to highload app:
    for php ORM Doctrine can be used
    index columns: alter table data_1 add index (`lastversion`);
    unbuffered queries and partial OV output mysql_unbuffered_query()
    https://www.sqlstyle.guide/ru/
  Problems of deploying - can i use maria db on commerisal base? 
  Use another user (instead of root) with priv granted to 'OEDB' database only and Unicode for MySQL https://mathiasbynens.be/notes/mysql-utf8mb4 http://phpfaq.ru/mysql/charset
  secure php.ini and can socket number be more than 1024?
  What time and bytes limit should be set to php script execution
  Secure database and sources to avoid assignment of my intellectual property. Incuded php files should be on unaccessable for user and not application dir. Restrict function dir from observing at the browser.
  socket rate limit https://javascript.info/websocket#rate-limiting
  To prevent user DDOS by user pressing F2 (for a example) user handler should be executed as a apparent apps and only once by one user?
  Secure: check origin header to be http or https to 192.168.9.39, The point here is, you have to check your websocket activity and determine rate limit: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-secure-your-websocket-connections-d0be0996c556/
  divide core.php to make separate php file to be included in wrapper.php to make wrapper execution more faster
  See how zabbix is installed to have a point of view of serious application
  Big amount of users generates apparent DB records in queueviewcall function while user INIT or DELETE,
    so add/delete objects in a view with 10000 users attached will generate 10000 records (record pre user) to call the view to be refreshed, its too slowly
  All db operations (except handlers in wrapper.php, db config) should use the connection via user with read-only permissions to OE9. Or use rollBack at the end of read-only operation?

- Front:
  non table area selecting - compare event mouse coordinate from drag x1,y1 and increase/decrease drag x2,y2 coordinate so
  smooth scrolling for rows more than 500 - event preventdefault on scroll event plus settimeout (dispatch scrolling event, 100);
  effects at navigating images in GALLERY just like in drive.ru
  dialog boxes on low resolution, exclude dialog to be out of the screen and adjust box size to fit the page,   Adaptivka after browser window size has changed dialog box has gone away
  Sort by header click for look like default element layout when header line at the top, bottom, left, right
  multi cell selecting - copy (excel table), delete (removes all selected objects).
    User can select and copy whole object, then paste it by cloning it (should INIT event be inited?)
    single cell copying and then pasting (by Ctrl+V) - it will be plain text like in whatsapp (without html tags);
    handler command to copy data to the buffer
    One or multiple cell selecting - buffer copy as text or/and as image (like excelc cells are copied into whatsup)
    delete selected objects
  Dialog boxes:
    when pushed button is pushed and mouse cursir is out of button - make button released
    at dialog refresh don't restore initial position (example - at 'task manager' move - box jumps to initial pos)
    show timer in dialog button text. Fix not only scrollLeft/Top, but current pad/profile
    Features: arrow icon for select, expanded list sort on alphabet/appearance (increasing, decreasing) via arrows on right side
	      from the select div,
	      highlite 'New rule|view|element' in the expanded div,
	      radio tag (and may be not only this tag) loses its positin after textarea tag in case of no 'line': '',
	      input text tag whole parent div width
	      content scrolling with pads stay on the top (now pad area is scrolled with the content)
	      pad.profile.element style prop - not only for header and for interface element of itself!
	      OD Dialog Box - OD icon, OV icon (or ov type  icons for table, tree and so on), OV shortcut key
  Load whole main table to the browser memory, but display table div only for the portion of table to speed up table div display
  Instruct user how to remove unnesesary object versions (All OD objects history may be flushed via simple SQL query )
  background for html body

- Controller:
  prevent multiple call controller on one element from one user, example: multiple key press while server didn't respond the previous event
  If last log message equals previous - don't log it, just increment previous log message counter

- Handlers:
  EDIT controller cmd limits text lines number to edit https://toster.ru/q/355711     https://toster.ru/q/518758   http://qaru.site/questions/190792/limiting-number-of-characters-in-a-contenteditable-div
  Non local server (cloud) implemented handlers

- Questionable features:
  Parent OD (daughter OD has only OVs that uses database of parent OD, so it is useful to divide OV betewen two or more OD)
  Autonavigate command for OV, for a example single mouse click on a cell edit the element. Mouse single click command: NONE|DBLCLICK|KEYPRESS. Usefull for chats
  Fool protection by not allowing to block all users from changing DB props, so none can add/delete/change views, elements and rules.
  Pagination. Should i use it or app concept is to out whole selection and manage object number by its object selection?
    should i use page output when next portion of objects are displayed by reaching screen bottom at scrolling? So implemet object-per-page (and other features around) in user customization misc configuration
  Predefined system messages and help section can be displayed on other languages
  Open OV in new tab in a read-only mode just by coping inner html of main div
  Max object version stored in DB, possible options: no property at all, cut older version to fit the max versions, do not allow new versions at max versions exceeded
    (Max object versions in range 0-65535. Emtpy or undefined string - zero value)
  helpdesk/jira/CRM example in Help context menu
  Create system user read-only customization like github interface, for a example, so users can use it via 'force' option in user-customization dialog
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
